Oak Allen game on TV but until you go
through the workouts experience yourself
you don't get that firstand what was it
like for the try outs what did you learn
well I learned that you have to work
hard and you have to approach the game
with a serious mindset uh there's a step
up from high school and I understand
that so therefore every time I step on a
basketball court I'm going to put a
strong effort out there on the floor I'm
I'm not going to leave anything on the
floor you had the grades you had the
scores to go to college why the NBA it
was the ultimate challenge you know if I
was 40 years old and I'm sitting back
and I'm looking back on my career if I
went to college and played on NBA maybe
had a great career and maybe not and I'm
still having that down my mind could
have answered that challenge could have
responded to the challenge of the NBA
and that's something that I didn't want
to have on my on my shoulder so I just
really accepted it a year ago is Kevin
Garnett sitting where you are have you
talked to him what advice has he given
you he's talked to me he told me a lot
of stories a lot of experiences that he
was going through but all in all he said
it has to be your own decision you know
he said that he can give me a lot of
pros and cons But ultimately has to be
my decision but here's a copy of the
Sting the official book of the Charlotte
Hornets with your new Coach Dave cins on
the cover do your homework before you
show up at the hive thank you very much
I I'll make sure I will congratulations